_pages/profiles.md, before:

---
layout: profiles
permalink: /team/
title: Team
description:
nav: true
nav_order: 7

profiles:
  # if you want to include more than one profile, just replicate the following block
  # and create one content file for each profile inside _pages/
- group: "Group Leader"
  align: left
  image: bio_oz.webp
  name: "Ozgur S. Oguz"
  bio: ""
  email: "ozgur.oguz@bilkent.edu.tr" 
  website: "https://oz-oguz.github.io" 
  linkedin: "ozguroguz"
  scholar_userid: "0tWX-EMAAAAJ"

# PhD
- group: "PhD Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "Ilyas Kocaer"
  bio: ""
  email: "ilyaskocaer@gmail.com" 
  website: "" 
  linkedin: ""
  scholar_userid: ""

- group: "PhD Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "Sepehr Nourmohammadi"
  bio: ""
  email: "sepehr@bilkent.edu.tr" 
  website: "" 
  linkedin: ""
  scholar_userid: ""

# Masters
- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: sarp_prof_pic.jpg
  name: "Arda Sarp Yenicesu"
  bio: "Sarp, originally from Ankara, Turkey, graduated from Bilkent University with a degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering. His research interests lie in applying Causal ML to Robotics, particularly focusing on Causal Reinforcement Learning and exploring applications in Task and Motion Planning (TAMP) and personal decision-making."
  email: "sarp.yenicesu@bilkent.edu.tr"
  website: "https://asyncs.github.io/"
  linkedin: "arda-sarp-yenicesu"
  twitter: "ASYenicesu"
  scholar_userid: "MjKlcQwAAAAJ"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: kutay_prof_pic.png
  name: "Kutay Demiray"
  bio: "Kutay graduated from the Computer Engineering department at Bilkent University. His current research interests include reinforcement learning (particularly exploration and multi-agent RL in robotics and similar embodied agent settings), and machine learning and AI in general."
  email: "kutay.demiray@bilkent.edu.tr"
  linkedin: "kutay-demiray-ba462518b"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: dilruba_prof_pic.jpg
  name: "Dilruba Sultan Haliloglu"
  email: "sultan.haliloglu@bilkent.edu.tr"
  linkedin: "dilruba-sultan-haliloglu"
  scholar_userid: "7a0txuoAAAAJ"
- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: ecekun_prof_pic.jpg
  name: "Ece Kunduracioglu"
  bio: "Ece graduated as valedictorian from the Department of Computer Engineering at Hacettepe University. Her current research interests include tool manipulation for robotic agents, particularly focusing on tool usage with keypoint representations through point clouds, and deep reinforcement learning."
  email: "e.kunduracioglu@bilkent.edu.tr"
  linkedin: "ecekunduracioglu"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: berk_prof_pic.png
  name: "Berk Çiçek"
  bio: "Berk, graduated from Bilkent University with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. His research interests lie in Robot Learning, particularly focusing on Manipulation Planning and  Task and Motion Planning (TAMP)."
  email: "berk.cicek@bilkent.edu.tr"
  website: "https://berk-cicek.github.io/"
  linkedin: "berkcicek8"
  scholar_userid: "S03JmUcAAAAJ"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "Huzaifa Salahuddin"
  bio: "Huzaifa, originally from Lahore, Pakistan, graduated from the College of Aeronautical Engineering at NUST with a degree in Avionics Engineering. Within robotics domain, he is deeply passionate about conducting research to apply machine learning techniques to enhance the integration between vision and language models. His goal by doing so, is to improve human-robot interaction for better cooperation in accomplishing various tasks."
  email: "huzaifa@bilkent.edu.tr"
  website: "https://github.com/HuzaifaSalahuddin/"
  linkedin: "huzaifa-salahuddin-3966a8198"
  twitter: "HuzaifaSal21617"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "M. Hikmet Simsir"
  bio: ""
  linkedin: ""

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "C. Bora Tuncer"
  bio: ""
  linkedin: ""

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "M. Hedi Elfikr"
  bio: ""
  linkedin: ""

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "Mert K. Er"
  bio: ""
  linkedin: ""
  


# Add profiles for other groups here
---

Commit message:

Update Mert Kaan Er's linkedin link, email, and bio. Upload his photo.

_pages/profiles.md, after:

---
layout: profiles
permalink: /team/
title: Team
description:
nav: true
nav_order: 7

profiles:
  # if you want to include more than one profile, just replicate the following block
  # and create one content file for each profile inside _pages/
- group: "Group Leader"
  align: left
  image: bio_oz.webp
  name: "Ozgur S. Oguz"
  bio: ""
  email: "ozgur.oguz@bilkent.edu.tr" 
  website: "https://oz-oguz.github.io" 
  linkedin: "ozguroguz"
  scholar_userid: "0tWX-EMAAAAJ"

# PhD
- group: "PhD Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "Ilyas Kocaer"
  bio: ""
  email: "ilyaskocaer@gmail.com" 
  website: "" 
  linkedin: ""
  scholar_userid: ""

- group: "PhD Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "Sepehr Nourmohammadi"
  bio: ""
  email: "sepehr@bilkent.edu.tr" 
  website: "" 
  linkedin: ""
  scholar_userid: ""

# Masters
- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: sarp_prof_pic.jpg
  name: "Arda Sarp Yenicesu"
  bio: "Sarp, originally from Ankara, Turkey, graduated from Bilkent University with a degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering. His research interests lie in applying Causal ML to Robotics, particularly focusing on Causal Reinforcement Learning and exploring applications in Task and Motion Planning (TAMP) and personal decision-making."
  email: "sarp.yenicesu@bilkent.edu.tr"
  website: "https://asyncs.github.io/"
  linkedin: "arda-sarp-yenicesu"
  twitter: "ASYenicesu"
  scholar_userid: "MjKlcQwAAAAJ"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: kutay_prof_pic.png
  name: "Kutay Demiray"
  bio: "Kutay graduated from the Computer Engineering department at Bilkent University. His current research interests include reinforcement learning (particularly exploration and multi-agent RL in robotics and similar embodied agent settings), and machine learning and AI in general."
  email: "kutay.demiray@bilkent.edu.tr"
  linkedin: "kutay-demiray-ba462518b"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: dilruba_prof_pic.jpg
  name: "Dilruba Sultan Haliloglu"
  email: "sultan.haliloglu@bilkent.edu.tr"
  linkedin: "dilruba-sultan-haliloglu"
  scholar_userid: "7a0txuoAAAAJ"
- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: ecekun_prof_pic.jpg
  name: "Ece Kunduracioglu"
  bio: "Ece graduated as valedictorian from the Department of Computer Engineering at Hacettepe University. Her current research interests include tool manipulation for robotic agents, particularly focusing on tool usage with keypoint representations through point clouds, and deep reinforcement learning."
  email: "e.kunduracioglu@bilkent.edu.tr"
  linkedin: "ecekunduracioglu"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: berk_prof_pic.png
  name: "Berk Çiçek"
  bio: "Berk, graduated from Bilkent University with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. His research interests lie in Robot Learning, particularly focusing on Manipulation Planning and  Task and Motion Planning (TAMP)."
  email: "berk.cicek@bilkent.edu.tr"
  website: "https://berk-cicek.github.io/"
  linkedin: "berkcicek8"
  scholar_userid: "S03JmUcAAAAJ"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "Huzaifa Salahuddin"
  bio: "Huzaifa, originally from Lahore, Pakistan, graduated from the College of Aeronautical Engineering at NUST with a degree in Avionics Engineering. Within robotics domain, he is deeply passionate about conducting research to apply machine learning techniques to enhance the integration between vision and language models. His goal by doing so, is to improve human-robot interaction for better cooperation in accomplishing various tasks."
  email: "huzaifa@bilkent.edu.tr"
  website: "https://github.com/HuzaifaSalahuddin/"
  linkedin: "huzaifa-salahuddin-3966a8198"
  twitter: "HuzaifaSal21617"

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "M. Hikmet Simsir"
  bio: ""
  linkedin: ""

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "C. Bora Tuncer"
  bio: ""
  linkedin: ""

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: logo.png
  name: "M. Hedi Elfikr"
  bio: ""
  linkedin: ""

- group: "MSc Students"
  align: left
  image: mert_kaan_er_picture.jpg
  name: "Mert K. Er"
  bio: "Mert is from Istanbul, Turkey, and lives in Ankara. He graduated from the Mathematics Department at Bilkent University and is doing his Master’s in Computer Engineering at Bilkent University. His research interest is designing embodied agents to cooperate with humans in various scenarios and tasks using deep learning techniques."
  email: "kaan.er@bilkent.edu.tr"
  linkedin: "mert-kaan-er-3a910b238"
  


# Add profiles for other groups here
---
